---
title: "How did I made Let's Shop"
date: 2023-02-27
---

## Welcome to my first blogpost! :')

Well... today we're going to see how I made Let's Shop.

### How Nintendo eShop works?

The Nintendo eShop is divided mainly in 6 servers: 
- Ninja (REST API)
- Samurai (Content API)
- ECommerceSOAP (Tickets & Account Management)
- IdentityAuthenticationSOAP (Account Management, registration, deletion, IVSData...)
- CatalogingSOAP (Only used when pre-downloading a title, to show how many space the app will take)
- CCS (Nintendo CDN, containing title data: TMD, .APPs...)

### What do I use to make Shopdeck (custom server software)?

Well... It's quite complicated. :')

So, its a mix between Flask and Django.

I use Flask for SOAPs (because Django don't support Transfer-Encoding:chunked), and Django for APIs (because it has a great ORM and JSON management stuff)

I use Django ORM with Flask, but you may ask: They are not compatible!!! How??

Well, that's actually straight forward, like this:
```python
os.environ.setdefault('DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE', 'someproject.settings')
from django.core.wsgi import get_wsgi_application
application = get_wsgi_application()
from someapp.models import *
```

I basically import the necessary core stuff for Django ORM to start, and... this is basically it! Works out of the box, no modifications needed!

### And... for the 3DS?

I use mainly two things, Charles (https://charlesproxy.com) and a SSL Patch for the 3DS, that disables every Root CA checks (https://github.com/InternalLoss/3DS-SSL-Patch)

I apply the SSL Patch, I put proxy settings, I put necessary client certificates (ClCert.p12)... and the eShop servers and the 3DS itself accepts communicating!

From this point I can enable SSL Proxying, and I can get plain data, which is... extremely, extremely, EXTREMELY useful!

This is how I made shopdeck so quick (2 weeks), thanks Charles!

## This is it!

Thank you for reading this first article! I may create some later, but I'm not a blogger mainly, I just like sharing knowledge.
